release: 2024-08-19 (#2229)
tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle: CHANGELOG.md

# TigerBeetle Changelog

## 2024-08-19

### Safety And Performance

- [#1951](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/1951),
  [#2212](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/2212)

  Add new state sync protocol, fixing a couple of liveness issues.
  State sync is now performed as part of the view change.

- [#2207](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/2207)

  Major state sync performance improvements.

### Features

- [#2224](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/2224),
  [#2225](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/2225),
  [#2226](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/2226)

  Ensure `u128` (and related type) consistency across client implementations.

- [#2213](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/2213)

  Fix multiversioning builds for aarch64 macOS.

### Internals

- [#2210](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/2210)

  Automatically include oldest supported releases in release notes.

- [#2214](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/2214)

>   Refactor `build.zig` to break up the one giant function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Refactor `build.zig` to break up the biggest function in the codebase.
```

- [#2206](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/2206)

>   Refactor `CompositeKey`.

Reviewer: Feels like we should either drop this, or else writing something about the why. 

We _don't_ mention every PR in the changelog, we apply a certain amount of human discretion and editorializing.
